DOC: Add note about potential TBB linkage clashes (#2193)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: INSTALL.md

   python setup.py develop --no-deps
   ```

Where: 

* Keys `--single-version-externally-managed` and `--no-deps` are required to not download daal4py after the installation of Intel(R) Extension for Scikit-learn. 
* The `develop` mode does not install the package but creates a `.egg-link` in the deployment directory
back to the project source-code directory. That way, you can edit the source code and see the changes
without reinstalling the package after a small change.

> * `--single-version-externally-managed` is an option for Python packages instructing the setup tools module to create a package the host's package manager can easily manage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--single-version-externally-managed` is an option for Python packages instructing the setuptools module to create a package that the host's package manager can easily manage.
```

python setup.py build --abs-rpath
```

> **Note:** if building `scikit-learn-intelex` from source with this option, it will use the oneDAL library with which it was compiled. oneDAL has dependencies on other libraries such as TBB, which is also distributed as a python package through `pip` and as a `conda` package. By default, a conda environment will first try to load TBB from its own packages if it is installed in the environment, which might cause issues if oneDAL was compiled with a system TBB instead of a conda one. In such cases, one might want to either uninstall TBB from pip/conda (it will be loaded from the oneDAL library which links to it), or modify the order of search paths in environment variables like `${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** when building `scikit-learn-intelex` from source with this option, it will use the oneDAL library with which it was compiled. oneDAL has dependencies on other libraries such as TBB, which is also distributed as a python package through `pip` and as a `conda` package. By default, a conda environment will first try to load TBB from its own packages if it is installed in the environment, which might cause issues if oneDAL was compiled with a system TBB instead of a conda one. In such cases, it is advised to either uninstall TBB from pip/conda (it will be loaded from the oneDAL library which links to it), or modify the order of search paths in environment variables like `${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}`.
```
